PRINT does not deserialize a DELIMITED topic with one integer column #2639 (#2681)
confluentinc/ksql: docs/installation/server-config/config-reference.rst

the prefix for the internal topics created by KSQL. Using the default value ``ksql.service.id``, the KSQL internal topics
will be prefixed as ``_confluent-ksql-default_`` (e.g. ``_command_topic`` becomes ``_confluent-ksql-default__command_topic``).

.. _ksql-internal-topic-replicas:

> --------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
----------------------------
```

ksql.internal.topic.replicas

> --------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
----------------------------
```

The number of replicas for the internal topics created by KSQL Server. The default is one.
This config parameter works in KSQL 5.3 and later.

> Note that replicas for record processing log topic should be configrued separately. For more info refer to :ref:`KSQL Processing Log <ksql_processing_log>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replicas for the record processing log topic should be configured separately. For more information, see :ref:`KSQL Processing Log <ksql_processing_log>`.
```

.. _ksql-sink-partitions:

> --------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---------------------------------
```

ksql.sink.partitions (Deprecated)

> --------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---------------------------------
```

The default number of partitions for the topics created by KSQL. The default is four.

> This property has been deprecated since 5.3 release. For more info see the WITH clause properties in :ref:`CREATE STREAM AS SELECT <create-stream-as-select>` and :ref:`CREATE TABLE AS SELECT <create-table-as-select>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in version 5.3, this property is deprecated. For more information, see the WITH clause properties in :ref:`CREATE STREAM AS SELECT <create-stream-as-select>` and :ref:`CREATE TABLE AS SELECT <create-table-as-select>`.
```

.. _ksql-sink-replicas:

> ------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-------------------------------
```

ksql.sink.replicas (Deprecated)

> ------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-------------------------------
```

The default number of replicas for the topics created by KSQL. The default is one.

> This property has been deprecated since 5.3 release. For more info see the WITH clause properties in :ref:`CREATE STREAM AS SELECT <create-stream-as-select>` and :ref:`CREATE TABLE AS SELECT <create-table-as-select>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in version 5.3, this property is deprecated. For more information, see the WITH clause properties in :ref:`CREATE STREAM AS SELECT <create-stream-as-select>` and :ref:`CREATE TABLE AS SELECT <create-table-as-select>`.
```
